testing rule (#72)
genomic-medicine-sweden/test-datasets: README.md

This branch contains test data to be used for automated testing with the [genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo) pipeline.

> All PRs require an approval from someone in the nallodev team before merging,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All PRs require an approval from someone in the nallo-devs team before merging.
```
